Li Jinchen, you are awake
Miss Nono
How am I doing with them?
Do you still want to intercede for them now?
I'll tell you what.
They've been crippled by me
No, you misunderstood my Xiaoqian
They are so right
How could I possibly still plead for them?
That's a good future
You have to remember
One can be kind
But you can't be kind to everyone
I see.
Thank you Miss Luo for your advice
Don't call me a little tight
Just protect my whole army
You saved me twice
I can help you fulfill two wishes
Just say what you want
hero
No, nothing else.
The Yang family to you
My last name is Yang too
There is also responsibility here
The Yang family is the Yang family daughter is you
Those are two different things.
So you don't have a job either
No savings
I will arrange you under my brother's company
Work for the mysterious group
Really?
Mystic Group has always been a company I wanted to work for
Thank you hero
It's okay, of course it's true. Hmm.
But we won't help you with your work either.
Everything still needs to be done by yourself
I see.
I'm already very happy to be able to let me into the group
Leave the rest to me
I am in the group
You must be able to break out of your own world